Set the job rate limit on smartproxy (#1964)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_setting-the-job-rate-limit-on-smartproxy.adoc

[id="setting-the-job-rate-limit-on-{smart-proxy-context}_{context}"]
= Setting the Job Rate Limit on {SmartProxy}

You can limit the maximum number of active jobs on a {SmartProxy} at a time to prevent performance spikes.

> The job is active from the time capsule first tries to notify the host about the job until the job is finished on the host.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The job is active from the time {SmartProxy} first tries to notify the host about the job until the job is finished on the host.
```

.Procedure

> . Run the `{foreman-installer}` command with the maximum number of jobs specified:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Set the maximum number of jobs using `{foreman-installer}`:
```

Maybe "concurrent jobs" or "active jobs"?

Author: Added :+1:

+
[options="nowrap", subs="+quotes,verbatim,attributes"]
----
{foreman-installer} --foreman-proxy-plugin-remote-execution-script-mqtt-rate-limit _MAX_JOBS_NUMBER_
----
+

> For example:

Reviewer: I am unsure about this example. Is 200 an somewhat sensible value? A recommendation by {Team}?

I'd probably completely drop it and instead mention the default value (maybe unlimited?).

Author: If value is sensible or not  depends on computing resources of the smartproxy. 200 should be as good as anything else. I'd avoid using a default value (if there is such, which I am not aware about) because  then there would be no point in setting it.

Reviewer 2: The "default value" is no value, meaning unbounded. In this case, it is so highly dependent on the environment that there is no such thing as globally sensible value.

Reviewer: I'm thinking "Note that the default value is 50" or "Note that by default, the number of jobs is unlimited". Maybe also add that this depends on the "compute power/network etc." of your {SmartProxy}.

Author: Added note :+1:

[id="setting-the-job-rate-limit-on-{smart-proxy-context}_{context}"]
= Setting the Job Rate Limit on {SmartProxy}

You can limit the maximum number of active jobs on a {SmartProxy} at a time to prevent performance spikes.
The job is active from the time {SmartProxy} first tries to notify the host about the job until the job is finished on the host.

> [NOTE]

Reviewer: ```suggestion

[NOTE]
```

====

> Optimal maximum number of active jobs depends on computing resources of your {SmartProxy}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The optimal maximum number of active jobs depends on the computing resources of your {SmartProxyServer}.
```
